{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # App Store Metadata \'97 English\
\
## App Name  \
Skipily\
\
## Subtitle (max. 30 characters)  \
Always. Safe. Seaworthy. Your boat. Your assistant.\
\
## Promotional Text (max. 170 characters, editable anytime)  \
New: AI assistant for all boating questions, smart spare parts search directly from your equipment list, and Sign in with Apple.\
\
## Description (max. 4000 characters)  \
Skipily is the all-in-one app for boat owners who love their boat \'97 whether you sail or motor, weekend skipper or bluewater cruiser.\
\
YOUR BOAT UNDER CONTROL  \
- Manage all your boat data: model, type, year, engine, sails  \
- Document your entire equipment with photos, serial numbers, and measurements \'97 creating the foundation for your AI assistant to support you individually  \
- Store sail measurements and technical details in one place and use them to quickly receive qualified sail quotes  \
\
MAINTENANCE WITHOUT FORGETTING  \
- Automatic reminders for upcoming maintenance intervals  \
- Complete maintenance history for every piece of equipment  \
- Find the right service partner near you with one tap  \
\
FIND SERVICE PARTNERS  \
- Interactive map with shipyards, workshops, sailmakers, and dealers  \
- Search by category and brand \'97 Skipily shows you who knows your engine, electronics, or sails. Ratings in the app help everyone identify true experts  \
- Reviews, contact details, and navigation to service providers directly from the app  \
- Save favorites for quick access  \
\
AI ASSISTANT  \
- Ask the Skipily assistant any question about your boat  \
- From \'93Which oil does my Volvo D2-40 need?\'94 to \'93How do I repair osmosis blisters?\'94  \
- Answers are based on up-to-date maritime expertise and improve with every registered boat. The AI learns from the community to deliver better results  \
- The AI learns from your equipment and the community to support you in the best possible way  \
\
SPARE PARTS & SHOP  \
- Find matching spare parts directly from your equipment list  \
- Intelligent search with AI-powered alternative suggestions  \
- Order spare parts from specialized dealers that fit your boat exactly  \
\
MULTILINGUAL  \
Skipily is available in 6 languages: German, English, French, Dutch, Spanish, and Italian.\
\
DATA PROTECTION  \
Your data belongs to you. Skipily uses no tracking cookies, no ads, and does not sell data. Servers in the EU. GDPR-compliant.\
\
---  \
Skipily \'97 Always. Safe. Seaworthy.\
\
## Keywords (max. 100 characters, comma-separated)  \
boat,yacht,sailing,maintenance,service,shipyard,spare parts,motorboat,sailboat,skipper\
\
## Support URL  \
https://www.skipily.app  \
\
## Marketing URL  \
https://skipily.app  \
\
## Copyright  \
2026 Skipily  \
\
## Category  \
Primary: Travel  \
Secondary: Reference  \
\
## Age Rating  \
4+ (no objectionable content)  \
\
## Demo Account for Apple Review  \
Email: review@skipily.app  \
Password: [You must create \'97 set up a test account with pre-filled boat data]  \
\
Notes for the reviewer:  \
\'93The app is a management and service platform for boat owners. For full functionality, the reviewer should use the demo account. Boats, equipment, and maintenance plans are already set up. The map view shows nearby service providers. The AI assistant answers boating-related questions.\'94}